contents
1. Definition and Differences Between UI and UX
2. Color
3. Balance
4. Contrast
5. Typography
6. Consistency

▶ Definition and Differences Between UI and UX
1. What is UI Design?
- With the help of certain graphics solutions, it is intuitive, attractive and 
easy to use. 

- The main mission of the UI designer: to help users quickly understand how 
to use the product and understand the interface in a simple and intuitive 
way.

- Target analysis, design research, branding and graphic design 
development, UI guidelines creation, UI prototyping, interaction and animation 
development, and various screen scaling.

2. What is UX Design?
- To ensure that the product is logical, convenient and useful; - Key goal: Make sure your website or app only makes a pleasant 
impression. 

- Many people simply interpret UX as "user experience", but the actual UX is 
to follow the user experience design process.
UX design goes through a process very similar to that of science. (Conduct 
research to understand users, meet their needs, come up with ideas, and 
implement them in real life)

- Competitor analysis, customer analysis, content development.

3. Core
= UX designers focus on functionality, while UI designers focus on aesthetics, 
sensation and style.
= Design for people you don't know a little bit more than you.

▶ Color
- Colors have meaning and can make it look like you are moving forward or 
backward.

- The color itself is also a function. - Three key principles of design: consistency, uniqueness, and intentionality.


* Meaning of capture
Even the same object can have different meanings when you add color. (If 
you choose a color on purpose, it must have meaning.)

*Points to note when choosing colors
1. Are you designing for a new product or an existing brand?
Example: New brand = free desired color / existing = limited.

2. Do you understand your users?
This is because color affects the user's emotions when interacting with the 
product.

3. Do you accept the principles of the W3C?
Make sure all personas with color disabilities have access to the product.
ü <When deciding on a color>
please catch the main color first.
= 1~3 base colors ideally associated easily with the brand or product

ü <Black and White>
Best way = Use a limited grayscale palette made with medium black color 
with white tints added.

- Always add saturation to the color and look more natural and 
user-friendly.

- Avoid pure gray without color.


ü <Use the same accented colors>
Consistent core = use the same color for both links and buttons.

ü <Using Semantic Colors>
What is semantic color?
= Color used to represent user information about successes, errors, and 
warnings.

ü <Rule 60-30-10>
Designing at this ratio reduces user confusion and confusion.
60% = main color (achromatic color pleasant to the eye)
30% = secondary color (visual interest as opposed to main color)
10% = emphasis and guide color (should be the most vivid because important 
items need to be highlighted)


# Tip.
https://coolors.co/image-picker : When you upload a photo or image, a color 
palette is automatically created.


https://www.figma.com/c/plugin/731841207668879837/Image-Palette: Click on an 
image or photo in the Pygma plugin and run the plugin to create a palette of 
5 colors.


https://artsexperiments.withgoogle.com/artpalette/colors/342420-d5c47e-0f0c11: 
Derive colors from masterpieces and ancient works of art. However, even if 
you upload a photo, the corresponding color value is derived.



▶ Balance
- Users feel that symmetric objects are stable and orderly, so it is better to 
visualize them so that they have symmetry. (Enhances visual attention)

<‘Gestalt theory’, ‘law of symmetry’>
= First of all, a symmetrical structure is to place elements in the same 
configuration and position that does not interfere with the user's field of view. 
Conversely, asymmetric structures are used to direct attention to certain 
elements.

(Symmetric design example)
= 'SK Devin' website
By inverting the visual image in the main copy, which can convey the brand 
identity in the center of the frame, the company uses a strong contrast to 
express its identity.

(Example of asymmetry)
='Kucon'
Design elements are placed in the lower-left corner to highlight content.

(Example of using symmetry and asymmetry together)
=Pinterest login screen
Align image cards with different vertical values in six columns of the same 
width for a balanced layout and dynamic visuals. It also centers the 
high-importance login screen to express gaze attention.



▶ Contrast
: The differences attract people's attention, and the contrast emphasizes the 
differences.
Therefore, an important design element that allows designers to add value to 
a particular part or prioritize it compared to other parts is "contrast".

- Generally, people only perceive contrast as something about color, but in 
practice contrast is used more than that.
For example, there are closures and openings, fills and skies, symmetry and 
asymmetry, large and small elements, fills and borders only, serif and 
sans-serif bodies, tidiness and chaos.

- To summarize some effects of many examples:
First of all, "elements made large and small" not only give a great image of 
the structure of the content, but also provide a pleasant visual experience.
Then you can prioritize and display the "border fill and drawing".

*https://naver.me/FbiWxSPt
: The photos in the resources above will make it easier to understand.



▶ typography
- Typography transforms language into brilliant visual elements. 
Therefore, it should be understood as a larger concept than just "design 
skills". It also has a much longer history than the design and the Internet 
itself.

- So what is "typography"?
A: Typography is defined as the art and science of font styles, appearances, 
and structures aimed at conveying aesthetic features and easy

-to-read copy 
to the reader.


* Typography is essential for efficient design. Why is that?
A1: Basic knowledge of typography will help you understand the visual 
display characteristics of fonts and their impact on user perception. By 
setting the right font and presentation style, you can convey a specific mood 
and message to your readers. In this way, typography helps design and 
people communicate.

A2: Inefficient typography instills frustration. Even if people don't read the 
copy, they skim through it. However, if the font is not appropriate, people 
don't want to know about the suggestions and products related to the font.


* Process of creating detailed typography 
- Understand the difference between fonts and typefaces
: A font is a graphical description of text characteristics that are primarily used for one 
particular typeface, size, and thickness. 
Typefaces, on the other hand, are a style of type design that includes the maximum range of characteristics of all 
sizes and weights.
Simply put, the typeface is wide and the font is partial.


<Mean line & Baseline>
- Typically, characters are arranged in straight lines to produce a clean 
visual presentation. 

- Meanline is the line that marks the top, and the baseline is the line that 
marks the bottom, and these lines allow you to create fonts.

<Character measurement>
- To distinguish between different types of information and to show important 
parts, apply different weights and sizes to fonts. 

- The height of text is called x-height and affects the smooth appearance of 
text.

<Ascender & Descender>
- Ascender means the part that goes up the average line, and descender 
means the part that goes down the baseline.

<White Space>
- White space is the area between design components. If this is not 
balanced, it will be difficult to read, so copying will be an important part.

<Alignment>
- Alignment is the act of arranging and matching text to transform randomly 
placed text into a unified composition. 
(Center-aligning long sentences reduces readability.)

<Tracking> - The process of tracking adjusts the space between words and groups of 
type letters that form blocks of text. Thus, effective tracking makes the 
characters easier to read. 

- Narrow the spacing of text with a large font size, such as titles, and make 
the spacing narrower than the title text for text sizes such as text.

<Kerning>
-While tracking refers to the spacing between all characters in a font, 
kerning is the process of adjusting the space between two types of 
characters. 
Kerning is the act of adjusting the distance between two specific characters 
to make them more natural.

<Leading>
- Leading is the interval between baselines in a copy. Proper leading makes 
it easy for the reader to move from one line of text to another, and clearly 
represents large pieces of text. 
(The standard leading the design is 120%, but it can vary depending on the 
characteristics.)

<Types of font styles> - There are five main categories:
Sans-Serif/Suns/Monospace/Handwriting/Display


* conclusion
- Like any other design element, typography needs to be structured.

- The goal is to create a contrast between the most meaningful and 
important copy elements that should first be called attention to and the 
normal textual information.

- Brand identity and atmosphere are factors that have a significant impact.



▶ <consistency>
What is consistency?
A: The psychological factor that is treated to ensure that users behave as 
expected.

* Consistency distinction
1. Internal consistency: similar UI scheme within the same brand
2. External integrity: Common rules for mobile UI, including UI guidelines
3. Aesthetic consistency: similarity to the initial design (seeing and feeling on 
the web)

1. Synonyms
=Using different words each time to convey the same information can cause 
serious problems.
Therefore, you need to establish language rules and stick to them.

2. Maintaining Homogeneity
= The point of designing the available options is to make them as clear and 
consistent as possible.
(For example, the identity list: adult male/adult female/child, the non-identity 
list: male/female/glasses-wearing person)

3. Reductive Inference
What is reductive reasoning?
A: It is a process of logical thinking, applying what is learned in one 
situation to another situation that is new but similar.

- Reductive reasoning plays an important role in how usability is 
experienced.
(For example, if you see an icon similar to the one you used on another 
website, intuitively understand what that icon does.)

4. Standardization - Establish clarity of solution
(e.g. World Wide Web Consortium = W3C, International Standardization 
Association = ISO)

5. There is no natural consistency.
Example: Green - Progress / Red - Stop
This is not always 100%.

6. One button has one function
- Simplicity solves complexity. 
(Example: iPhone one-button function)

- Consistency and simplicity go hand in hand, but simplicity and ease of use 
shouldn't be a mix of the East Sea.


* How to maintain a consistent UI design
1. Follow our guidelines
2. Design in a similar pattern to other mobile services in the same category
3. Make sure it is aesthetically consistent with the service you are designing.

< consistent use of color in the UI>
1. KakaoTalk: Use yellow as the same UI color as cacao driver, cacao taxi, 
cacao bank, etc.
2. Naver: After adopting green as the brand color, we developed the design 
as the base color
